Therefore we still have witches and wizards amongst us.
He is more powerful than all the rest of us together.
I am anxious to get back to my aunt and uncle,
Can you help me find my way?
there is a great desert, and none could live to cross it.
Then you must go to the City of Emeralds.
Perhaps Oz will help you.
Where is this city?
the Great Wizard I told you of.
Is he a good man?
However, I will use all the magic arts I know of to keep you from harm.
and no one will dare injure a person who has been kissed by the Witch of the North.
They would be just the thing to take a long walk in, for they could not wear out.
Besides, you have white in your frock, and only witches and sorceresses wear white.
It is better for people to keep away from Oz, unless they have business with him.
Did you speak?
Can’t you get down?
I feel like a new man.
Why, don’t you know?
He can’t hurt the straw.
it’s a lighted match.
There is no place like home.
It is such an uncomfortable feeling to know one is a fool.
Shall we go there?
I am all tired out.
They are rusted so badly that I cannot move them at all;
Why didn’t you walk around the hole?
My head is stuffed with straw, you know,
I will tell you my story, and then you will know.
When they scratched against the tin it made a cold shiver run down my back.
For my part, I have no heart; so I cannot have heart disease.
for you will help to keep away the other wild beasts.
but that doesn’t make me any braver,
for you can carry us all over on your back, one at a time.
or the Tin Woodman badly dented on the rocks below.
Why don’t you run and jump?
but the kind Stork saved me,
I always like to help anyone in trouble.
and get out of this deadly flower bed as soon as you can.
We will bring the little girl with us,
Oh, thank you!
Oh, your Majesty, we thought you would be killed!
Oh, yes; you can save our friend, the Cowardly Lion, who is asleep in the poppy bed.
But, comrades, what shall we do now?
and then we can keep on to the Emerald City.
Why, it is said that he never lets anyone come into his presence.
nor do I know of any living person who has seen him.
and some say he looks like a cat.
And we have been told that Oz is a good Wizard.
But to those who are not honest, or who approach him from curiosity,
and if you wish for anything ring the bell.
Oz will send for you tomorrow morning.
if he will see me.
Then he asked me what you looked like,
and he decided he would admit you to his presence.
Where did you get the silver shoes?
But I cannot!
Even if I wanted to, how could I kill the Wicked Witch?
I am only a Scarecrow, stuffed with straw.
Why should I do this?
I am a Cowardly Lion, afraid of everything.
so that in reality I may become the King of Beasts, as men call me.
I suppose we must try it; but I am sure I do not want to kill anybody,
No one ever wishes to go that way.
so get behind me and I will meet them as they come.
and the bees cannot sting them.
You have called us for the third and last time.
and that is greater than the Power of Evil.
I can still make her my slave, for she does not know how to use her power.
I can starve you.
You are a wicked creature!
You have no right to take my shoe from me.
See what you have done!
Well, in a few minutes I shall be all melted,
I have been wicked in my day,
Are any of your people tinsmiths?
and bend him back into shape again, and solder him together where he is broken?
I’ll chop it down, and then we can get the Scarecrow’s clothes.
at last I shall get my heart.
It seems to me I can scarcely wait till I get to Oz,
and you must admit this is a very long journey.
Why didn’t we think of that before?
Now the Golden Cap is yours,
Why do you seek me?
Well, come to me tomorrow, for I must have time to think it over.
But don’t strike me—please don’t—and I’ll do anything you want me to.
Exactly so!
How was it that you appeared to me as a great Head?
I ordered them to build this City, and my Palace;
I’m not much of a magician, as I said; but if you will come to me tomorrow morning,
I cannot tell you how to use them, however; you must find that out for yourself.
how am I to get back to Kansas?
Hereafter you will be a great man, for I have given you a lot of bran-new brains.
I have come for my heart.
Sit down, my dear; I think I have found the way to get you out of this country.
And back to Kansas?
I have plenty of silk in the Palace, so it will be no trouble to make the balloon.
I am now going away to make a visit.
Oz was always our friend.
I should like to cry a little because Oz is gone,
